Docs - Organize wiki , edit text and add meta tags (#365)
iotaledger/integration-services: documentation/docs/examples/delete-users.md

---
image: /img/integration-services/logo/integration_services.png

> description: The example-3 script authenticates an Integration Service client to manage Identities using the Admin identity created in example-0 and then creates a new identity, removes it from Integration Services, verifies that the identity still exists on the Tangle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The example-3 script authenticates an Integration Service client to manage Identities using the Admin identity created in example-0 and then creates a new identity, removes it from Integration Services, and verifies that the identity still exists on the Tangle.
```

keywords:
- delete users
- retrieve identity from tangle
- verify identity
- example
- manage identity
- integration services backend
---

# Delete Users

The [example-3](https://github.com/iotaledger/integration-services/blob/develop/clients/node/examples/3-DeleteUser.ts)
script authenticates an Integration Service client to manage Identities using the Admin identity created in [example-0](how-to-run-examples) and then performs the following tasks:

> 1. Create a new identity.
> 2. Remove it from Integration Services.
> 3. Verify that the identity still exists on the Tangle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Creates a new identity.
2. Removes it from Integration Services.
3. Verifies that the identity still exists on the Tangle.
```
